meeting with Bosch- 
	aim is to look for Tier1 who are working on BLE and UWB, trying to use their existing infrastructure to make POC.
	this approach is using BLE and UWB as a backup to myq wifi API

	two tier ones doing this (digital key solution) is Bosch and COnti (continental)

	discussion with Bosch went well

	their product which is part of their network dept. is Perfectly Keyless

	
meeting with Continental (conti)- 
	discussion- what should the POC look like?

	a little further down the road than Bosch. 

Question of software approach vs requirements approach
	. do we provide them a software library?
	. or do we just make the GDO side hardware and tell them the BLE requirements they need to get the software built


Met with Stellantis as well (stellantis is chrysler/fiat)
	they think MyQ was slow for them. why?
	they will reconsider
	

Met also with TOyota
	they want a complete hybrid MyQ and BLE solution

Met with GM
	
Met with Nissan
	They have gotten very far in integrating MyQ into their vehicles
	target is for them to go to market with MyQ in October

	their implementation: when you get to the geofence, it gives you a popup for a user button call

	works smoothly because their implementation is embedded in their android system
	no car play or app download necessary


using webhooks:
	webhooks means that you can call get device list a single time and then any time that response changes, you will get a callback called
	that way you always know when a status has changed 

	then you don't have to keep polling the server just to get device state

	this would probably be helpful for us and also for them (financially)

	the OEMS are paying for each API call essentially



*** --- SMURF is going to be called MyQ BLUE as a product --- **** 

myq blue is going to be the BASE product. it is local access and backup when no wifi

	built on top of the BASE product, we have MyQ Cloud access. Remote accessibility 
		
		on top of THAT, we may have additional services (myQ intelligence). 
			this is like geofencing, remote start, precision parking, enhanced geofence, UWB, etc.
			this last solutions is a way of connecting to a Smart Garage
			this one also needs our own custom hardware (probably). unless the car has UWB